Genki Trading
Check this out, Sasaki.
Apparently, the brand of cigarettes
someone smokes says a lot about them.
What's this about?
It's the smoke brand personality test.
This stuff really gets the young'uns
going during drinking parties.
What does it say about me?
"Straightforward and devoted,
will never cheat," it says!
It also says,
"Oblivious and socially inept."
Hey! You didn't have to read that part!
Read the room!
Are you listening to me
or not? Which is it?
A popular topic among the youth, huh?
Why are you smiling now?
Oh, yeah, that stuff.
You knew about it?
Just that it exists.
But those things usually...
A coworker told me about it,
and I thought it sounded fun.
Best
Intentions
A'ight, let's check it out.
What's it say about you, Sasaki-san?
Erm... there it is. It says...
"Tends to be a masochist despite
otherwise looking down on others."
What in the world?
Stop that... Let me smoke.
For real.
Wh-What was your result?
"Two-faced, with a surprisingly
high sex drive."
These things usually bring up
sex stuff as a punchline.
And you can see right through
the creator's prejudices.
Funny how it was totally right
about one thing, though.
Dark
Light
I apologize.
Huh? What are you kneeling for?
Where'd your cigarette and glasses go?
I'm really sorry for unknowingly
bringing up such an awkward topic...
and for making you say that out loud.
I mean,
yeah, I do hate dirty talk.
Hates dirty talk
But I know you only brought it up
thinking the youth found it fun.
You did it for me but ended up
apologizing for it anyway.
Way to make yourself
look silly, Sasaki-san.
I'm not mad at you, okay?
Get back to smoking.
Tayama-san...
It might actually be right
about you being two-faced.
I've been thinking it for a while,
but I had trouble putting it into words.
But I get it now.
You act all aloof, but you're really nice!
That's exactly the kind of person you are!
Tayama-san?
You were about to smoke
that one earlier, right?
Oh, yeah, thanks?
Right, sorry.
I completely forgot.
Want me to light it for you, too?
D-Did I do something to make you mad?
I'm not mad. Just look
at my thousand-watt smile.
L-Let me say I'm sorry anyway.
What're you apologizing for?
24-Hour
Supermarket S
Yummy Mochi Chips
In the end, I just left after making
Tayama-san upset last night.
Thank you! Come again!
Should a guy like me really be lining up
at Yamada-san's register?
No way.
Sir.
Please step this way.
I can ring you up now.
R-Right.
Oh?
Something funny happened
between those two, huh?
Wish I could've seen it.
Man...
We're sorry for making you
come all the way in this heat.
Oh, don't mention it.
Please have this tea.
I'll do just that.
Go for it.
The proposal you sent over
really helped us out.
Our owner was over the moon, saying,
"You can always count on Genki Trading!"
I'm glad to hear it.
Good afternoon, everyone.
We've had a string of summer-like
days since the start of May.
We've already switched over
to business casual.
That's wonderful.
We aren't allowed to
until summer's actually here.
That sounds rough.
Nationwide Forecast
In northern Japan,
the entirety of tomorrow...
Anyway, we're counting on you.
Thank you very much.
What's next on your schedule?
Back to the office for more work?
No, I think I can head
straight home today.
Glad to hear it.
You're always working
much too hard, Sasaki-san.
I can't deal with how warm it is
all the way until evening.
If it's like this already, how much
worse is summer going to get?
That ice cream's good, huh?
Yep!
You did sweat a lot.
So hot.
Maybe I'll get some ice cream
for the walk home.
24-Hour
Supermarket S
Of course it'd be crowded at this time.
Wait, what?
Y-Yamada-san?!
She's working the evening shift today?
What a lucky day!
Thank you for shopping with us!
H-H-H-Half sleeves?!
I'll just update your point card.
Oh, so they switched
to the summer uniform!
Such a refreshing look!
And heck, Yamada-san's just so...
so pr...
Guess I don't need that ice cream anymore.
I'll just go.
Ice Cream Bar
You left without shopping yesterday
even though Yamada-san was there.
Why?
Were you watching again?
Who wouldn't notice a tall dude
hanging around the entrance?
Oh, sorry. Was I a bother?
So, why'd you do it?
It was so hot yesterday,
I started craving some ice cream.
Yeah?
But the store was such a low-cortisol
zone that it cooled me down plenty.
What does that even mean?
And here I thought the sight of Yamada-san
in short sleeves blew the heat away.
Ow! Hot!
Bingo, huh?
No, no, not at all!
Retail workers like Yamada-san switch
uniforms to herald the changing seasons.
All I have for them is gratitude—
You didn't find it pretty, then?
I did not say that!
I do believe short sleeves
suit her very well.
You're sweating buckets.
I mean, it's pretty hot today.
Huh...
Aren't you hot in that jacket?
I'm dressed lightly underneath.
Nothing compared to you.
Oh, you are?
Yeah.
Check it out.
T-Tayama-san, uh...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for looking at your belly!
You know...
Doesn't your belly feel cold like that?
...like that?
...that? ...that? ...that?
Yamada's Short Sleeves
How wonderful!
Tayama's Belly
Yay.
Aren't you cold? Are you sure about this?
I swear, this geezer...
Tayama-san?
Use this if you'd like.
The night breeze still gets chilly.
Oh, if you'd rather not, that's fine.
Huh?
Sorry, Tayama-san, I meant
to use it to cover your belly.
I wasn't telling you to wear it!
That'd make you uncomfortable...
Wouldn't it?
Uh, Tayama-san?
Shut it, arm man.
A-Arm man...?
Blep.
I don't get it. What does
she mean, "arm man"?
This must be what makes me dense.
Sasaki likes arms more than
he does bellies, huh?
flab
I should lay off the ramen for a while.
Translation: Sriram Gurunathan
Editing & Typesetting: Geoff Mazzolini
Subtitle Timing: Krzysztof Kunc
Quality Check: Zachary Carlysle
Translation Check: Sho Stifler